[oneDPL] Add Histogram API (#571)
uxlfoundation/oneAPI-spec: source/elements/oneDPL/source/parallel_api.rst

              InputIt2 boundary_end, OutputIt histogram_first);                                 // (2)

``oneapi::dpl::histogram`` computes the histogram over the data in ``[start, end)``
by counting the number of elements that map to each of a set of bins and storing the counts into
the output sequence starting from ``histogram_first``. Input values that do not map to a defined
bin are skipped silently. The value type of ``OutputIt`` must be an integral type of sufficient
size to store the counts of the histogram without overflow. The return value is an iterator targeting
past the last element of the output sequence starting from ``histogram_first``.

1. The elements of ``[start, end)`` are mapped into ``num_intervals`` bins that evenly divide the range
   ``[first_interval_begin, last_interval_end)``. Each bin is of size
   ``bin_size = (last_interval_end - first_interval_begin) / num_intervals`` as represented by a real
   number without rounding or truncation. An input element ``start[i]`` maps to a bin
   ``histogram_first[j]`` if and only if
   ``(first_interval_begin + j * bin_size <= start[i]) && (start[i] < first_interval_begin + (j + 1) * bin_size)``.

>    `ValueType` must be an arithmetic type. The value type of ``InputIt`` must be an arithmetic type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Both `ValueType` and the value type of ``InputIt`` must be arithmetic types.
```

> 2. The elements of ``[start, end)`` are mapped into ``(boundary_end - boundary_start - 1)``
>    bins defined by the values in ``[boundary_start, boundary_end)``. An input 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. The elements of ``[start, end)`` are mapped into ``std::distance(boundary_start, boundary_end) - 1)``
   bins defined by the values in ``[boundary_start, boundary_end)``. An input 
```
